Data	8.1.1	Verify the application protects sensitive data from being cached in server components such as load balancers and application caches.
Data	8.1.2	Verify that all cached or temporary copies of sensitive data stored on the server are protected from unauthorized access or purged/invalidated after the authorized user accesses the sensitive data.
Data	8.1.3	Verify the application minimizes the number of parameters in a request, such as hidden fields, Ajax variables, cookies and header values.
Data	8.1.4	Verify the application can detect and alert on abnormal numbers of requests, such as by IP, user, total per hour or day, or whatever makes sense for the application.
Data	8.1.5	Verify that regular backups of important data are performed and that test restoration of data is performed.
Data	8.1.6	Verify that backups are stored securely to prevent data from being stolen or corrupted.
Data	8.2.1	Verify the application sets sufficient anti-caching headers so that sensitive data is not cached in modern browsers.
Data	8.2.2	Verify that data stored in client side storage  does not contain sensitive data or PII.
Data	8.2.3	Verify that authenticated data is cleared from client storage, such as the browser DOM, after the client or session is terminated.
Data	8.3.1	Verify that sensitive data is sent to the server in the HTTP message body or headers, and that query string parameters from any HTTP verb do not contain sensitive data.
Data	8.3.2	Verify that users have a method to remove or export their data on demand.
Data	8.3.3	Verify that users are provided clear language regarding collection and use of supplied personal information and that users have provided opt-in consent for the use of that data before it is used in any way.
Data	8.3.4	Verify that all sensitive data created and processed by the application has been identified, and ensure that a policy is in place on how to deal with sensitive data. 
Data	8.3.5	Verify accessing sensitive data is audited , if the data is collected under relevant data protection directives or where logging of access is required.
Data	8.3.6	Verify that sensitive information contained in memory is overwritten as soon as it is no longer required to mitigate memory dumping attacks, using zeroes or random data.
Data	8.3.7	Verify that sensitive or private information that is required to be encrypted, is encrypted using approved algorithms that provide both confidentiality and integrity. 
Data	8.3.8	Verify that sensitive personal information is subject to data retention classification, such that old or out of date data is deleted automatically, on a schedule, or as the situation requires.



-----------------------------------------


This includes the following:

11.1 Sensitive data considerations both client and server side:
    - in memory 
    - in cache
    - at rest (stored)
    - in motion (network communications)

11.2 Geolocation of data

11.3 Data retention of PII
11.4 Data destruction of PII
