Error	7.1.1	Verify that the application does not log credentials or payment details. Session tokens should only be stored in logs in an irreversible, hashed form. 
Error	7.1.2	Verify that the application does not log other sensitive data as defined under local privacy laws or relevant security policy. 
Error	7.1.3	Verify that the application logs security relevant events including successful and failed authentication events, access control failures, deserialization failures and input validation failures. 
Error	7.1.4	Verify that each log event includes necessary information that would allow for a detailed investigation of the timeline when an event happens. 
Error	7.2.1	Verify that all authentication decisions are logged, without storing sensitive session identifiers or passwords. This should include requests with relevant metadata needed for security investigations.
Error	7.2.2	Verify that all access control decisions can be logged and all failed decisions are logged. This should include requests with relevant metadata needed for security investigations.
Error	7.3.1	Verify that the application appropriately encodes user-supplied data to prevent log injection. 
Error	7.3.2	Verify that all events are protected from injection when viewed in log viewing software. 
Error	7.3.3	Verify that security logs are protected from unauthorized access and modification. 
Error	7.3.4	Verify that time sources are synchronized to the correct time and time zone. Strongly consider logging only in UTC if systems are global to assist with post-incident forensic analysis. 
Error	7.4.1	Verify that a generic message is shown when an unexpected or security sensitive error occurs, potentially with a unique ID which support personnel can use to investigate.  
Error	7.4.2	Verify that exception handling  is used across the codebase to account for expected and unexpected error conditions. 
Error	7.4.3	Verify that a "last resort" error handler is defined which will catch all unhandled exceptions. 



--------------------------------


This includes the following:

12.1 Log Content 
12.2 Log Protection  
12.3 Error Handling 

12.4 Sensitive data and PII

